Yes. Yeah, I can. Yeah.
In April.
Uh... No.
Oh, okay.
Really nice, Thank you. Uh-huh.
Oh...
Oh wow! Is that for like uh your trip, or your work or music?
mmh
Oh.
Yeah. That's what it says.
mmm-hmm
Um...
Just once, but like during the night, I like pass by it. Yeah.
Yeah.
mmm-hmm
Oh, Paris as well.
Paris, no. Haven't been there. Is that for work or just for fun?
For family.
mmm-hmm. yeah, true.
So... Oh.
Tough question. Um I must... uh
I'll say top 3... um
Uh They're in no like, no particular order. But I would say
Faroe Island.
Yeah, will be one of them. It's like uh off the coast of Denmark.
um and it's like this very small island.
And the interesting thing about the Pharaoh Islands is that...
There's a lot more sheep there than people.
Yeah, So like I think there's like 1 million sheep and
Like maybe 700-800,000 people? Yeah.
And uh it's it's like the food and the expenses are...
quite expensive just because they're like kind of isolated from everyone else
Yeah, But uh the thing about the Faroe Islands is that
there's like very like nice views
um The terrain kind of reminds me of Iceland.
um very like... The weather too, it's cloudy most of the time.
um There's like very, like it's very green. like the
The the terrain looks like mossy to a certain point, and it's like brown.
but it's a very nice place for photos. So that's... Yeah.
Yes, that place. Yeah, that one. um
Yeah, it's a very epic place. Um probably like Japan.
Yeah, obviously .Yeah. um
Oh, tough. I....
Yeah, yeah.
Um I've been to Nagano. Yeah. So um I went to where...
the snow monkeys are,  and that that was really nice.
Yeah, it was like probably the most
snow that I've experienced like in my life when there was a ton of snow falling.
and um I remember it was like super cold that day too.
Yeah I went with me and my um
Friends from LA and I was just out shooting like
with my big zoom lens. I'm just taking photos of the snow monkeys.
and there were like a lot of other photographers over there so
Yeah, I would say, yeah, probably not that bad. I also, like, Kyoto.
yeah just because um there's like
there's like a lot of spots in Kyoto where there's not many people.
kind of what I liked and also like this contrast between
like modern architecture and like traditional architecture.
I thought that was like super interesting. Yeah.
And I feel like just the overall atmosphere of Kyoto is like a lot more...
Chill, than let's say the current, Tokyo is where I'm at, cause it battle with Thailand.
Yeah, yeah.
Yes.
Um So I'm going to be spending a few days in Tokyo first.
And then I'm going down to Osaka to like visit a few friends.
And then I might go down to Fukuoka, but I'm not sure yet. Yeah.
Yeah. It's um
Maybe I might check out like Miyajima.
Yeah. With like the deer and stuff. So
Might do that. I was thinking about maybe taking a short trip to like
Korea like Osaka. Like I heard you
But um yeah, I don't know, we'll see.
Yeah.
Korea.
Oh, old old train. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
I was there for around two weeks.
Yeah, um. Yeah.
Yeah, so like I uh
was originally like
I'm going to be there for a short amount of time, but I decided to extend my trip because I want to.
Korea so much, yes.